Update README.md of generated project (#1076)
Microsoft/WebTemplateStudio: templates/Web/Projects/AddPackageJsonDefault/README.md

### Deployment

If you selected Azure App Service when creating your project, follow these steps:

1. Press `Ctrl + Shift + P` in Windows/Linux or `Shift ⇧ + Command ⌘ + P` in Mac and type/select `Web Template Studio: Deploy App` to start deploying your app.
2. Once the deployment is done, click "Browse website" in the notification window on the lower right corner to check out your newly deployed app.

> If you did not select Azure App Service and would like to create a new Azure App Service web app, follow these steps:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you did not select Azure App Service and want to create a new Azure App Service web app, follow these steps:
```

### Deployment

Follow these steps to deploy to Azure App Service if you selected Azure App Service when creating your project:

1. Press `Ctrl + Shift + P` in Windows/Linux or `Shift ⇧ + Command ⌘ + P` in Mac and type in "Web Template Studio: Deploy App" to start deploying your app.
2. Once the deployment is done, click "Browse website" in the notification window on the lower right corner to check out your newly deployed app.
3. Consider adding authentication and securing back-end API's by following [Azure App Service Security](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/app-service/overview-security).
   Full documentation for deployment to Azure App Service can be found here: [Deployment Docs](https://github.com/Microsoft/WebTemplateStudio/blob/dev/docs/deployment.md).

If you did not select Azure App Service and would like to create a new Azure App Service web app, follow these steps:

> 1. Press `Ctrl + Shift + P` in Windows/Linux or `Shift ⇧ + Command ⌘ + P` in Mac and type in "Azure App Service: Create New Web App..." to create a new web app. <br>

Reviewer 2: `Shift ⇧ + Command ⌘ + P`
fancy

> 1. Press `Ctrl + Shift + P` in Windows/Linux or `Shift ⇧ + Command ⌘ + P` in Mac and type in "Azure App Service: Create New Web App..." to create a new web app. <br>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Press `Ctrl + Shift + P` in Windows/Linux or `Shift ⇧ + Command ⌘ + P` in Mac and type in "Azure App Service: Create New Web App..." to create a new web app.
```

   - Select your subscription
   - Enter your web app name
   - Select Linux as your OS
   - Select Node.js 10.14 for a Node/Express application, Python 3.7 for a Flask application
2. Press `Ctrl + Shift + P` in Windows/Linux or `Shift ⇧ + Command ⌘ + P` in Mac and type in "Web Template Studio: Deploy App" to start deploying your app.
   - You will have to select the same subscription again
   - Find the web app that you've just created

>    - Click yes in the notification windows on the lower right corner (build prompt)

Author: ![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/20333350/62969039-3a8a7100-bdc1-11e9-8972-768443e3ffb1.png)

Reviewer 2: should it just be `window` rather than notification `windows`?

>    - Click "Deploy" on the windows pop-up (deploy window)

Author: ![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/20333350/62969026-31999f80-bdc1-11e9-9441-a60b133033d8.png)

Reviewer 2: same here

>    - Click "Yes" on the notification windows on the lower right corner (default prompt)

Author: ![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/20333350/62968998-2181c000-bdc1-11e9-929f-a3bf75f171f6.png)

Reviewer 3: What if we want to deploy a different application to a different resource group? Would it still give us an option to do that?

Author: You'll need to remove the settings.json in the .vscode folder. What do you think? Should we add it to the instruction?

Reviewer 2: notification window (singular)

The generated templates can be deployed to Azure App Service using the following steps:

> 1. Press `Ctrl + Shift + P` in Windows/Linuc or `⇧⌘P` in Mac and type in "Web Template Studio: Deploy App" to start deploying your app.

Reviewer: 1.  Press `Ctrl + Shift + P` in Windows/Linuc or `⇧⌘P` in Mac and type in "Web Template Studio: Deploy App" to start deploying your app.
```suggestion
1. Press `Ctrl + Shift + P` in Windows/Linux or `Shift ⇧ + Command ⌘ + P` in Mac and type in "Web Template Studio: Deploy App" to start deploying your app.
```

Reviewer 3: Just wondering should we show this in the Readme if the user has not generated the application using App services selected? This would not work in case user does not have a resource group for App service created.

Author: I'll work with @xtinah-w for documenting the steps for using the App Service extension without the configuration files we generate

> 1. Once the deployment is done, click "Browse website" on the lower right corner to check out your newly deployed app.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Once the deployment is done, click "Browse website" in the notification window on the lower right corner to check out your newly deployed app.
```

> 1. Consider adding authentication and securing back-end API's by following [Azure App Service Security](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/app-service/overview-security).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Consider adding authentication and securing back-end API's by following [Azure App Service Security](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/app-service/overview-security).
```
